KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX site and governs data collection and usage. By using the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.

There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX site.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX does not read any of your private online communications.

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX and KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX family of Web sites.

Use of your Personal Information

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX collects and uses your personal information to operate the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX Web site and deliver the services you have requested. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX and its affiliates. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX, in order to determine what KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX, or the public.

Use of Cookies

The KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX pages, or register with KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX site or services, a cookie helps KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX features that you customized.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX services or Web sites you visit.

Security of your Personal Information

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.

Changes to this Statement

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX is protecting your information.

Contact Information

KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX has not adhered to this Statement, please contact KD Shipping Plus, Keller, TX at admin@rscentral.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.